[FIG 0] : 
 -  this is an introductory figure.
    the top row contains 3 exemplifications of symmetrical distribution of behavior. For consensus/homogeneous/polarized distribution
    the leftmost column is the contact matrix for homogeneous mixing (bottom, h=0, mild homophily, center h=2, and higher homophily top h = 4)
    The center drawing are a visual representation of the 9 combination of distribution of behavior and homophily.

[FIG 1]:
 -  this figure shows the paradoxical effect of polarization (variance of behavior) and the negative effect of homophily.
    the first column (A,E,I) shows a visual representation of the disease models SIRM, SIRT, SIRV.
    the second column (B, F, J) shows a heatmap showing the fraction of infected individual at the end of the simulations for the 3 disease models.
        On the x-axis there is the polarization from 0 to 1, and on the y-axis the homophily from 0 to 6.
    the third column (C, G, K) shows "horizontal slices" of the plots in the second column. Basically showing how the polarization affects the total number of infected
        for 3 fixed values of homophily, 0, 3, and 6.
    the fourth column (D, H, L) shows vertical slices for polarization = 0, 0.5, 1

[FIG 2]:

 -  this figures introduces real data from a survey. We found that including average human behavior extrapolated from the averange number of masks/tests/vaccines 
        used by the population(bottom left corner, corresponding to homogenous mixing and consensus) is not enough to predict the outcome of an outbreak.
        and using that can lead up to a x600 error in terms of prediction in case of SIRT.
    the first column is the measured contact matrix we found in the survey we performed
    the second column is the measured behavior distribuion from the same survey
    the third column is similar to the second column of figure 1, but this time we imposed the correct "average" behavior. (that means asymmetrical beta distribution)
    the last column is the "prediction error". From the survey we calculated the homophily, and polarization and the 95% confidence interval of such measurement. The gray area are the minimum and maximum
        values of the number of infected and recovered in that interval. This is then compared with the "prediction" one would make assuming homogenous population with the same average behavior.
        THE homogenous SIRM model overestimate the prediction by -35%
        The homogenous SIRT model cannot predict the outbreak completely, and is off by more than a x600 factor
        the homogenous SIRV overestimate the prediction by a 120%